---
title: SEMI-ANNUAL MEETING April 22, 2017
date: April 22, 2017
author: Marylee Waudby
postNum: 2
---

HOSANNA HEIGHTS WATER DEPARTMENT MINUTES

The meeting was called to order at 10:02 a.m. by the president, Roger Bamber.  Since we had new property owners at the meeting we all introduced ourselves and said where we lived or what lot we had.  Marylee Waudby read the minutes from the annual meeting of October 1, 2016.  A motion to accept the minutes was made and seconds to accept the minutes.  It was voted to accept the minutes as read.  Marylee Waudby then gave the treasurer&#39;s report for the first quarter of 2017. A review of changes to the expenses since last year when we took over from Kathy Timlin was explained. Handouts, where everyone could look at the expenses for the past year, were available to be viewed, and ask questions about.  The current checking account balance as of today is $287.02, and the savings account balance is $907.79.  We paid the Health Department in full the balance for the pas three years (costs of the samples the have to take), and we paid Arkansas Rural Water in full.  We are now running tight with funds, and had to transfer $300 from savings to pay some bills, but we do not have to worry about the two large bills until next year.

<!--truncate-->

For old business Roger went over the process that we have gone trough on the new well.  Roger explained that there is a $75,000 grant for the new well with a possibility of about $2,250 extra, if needed.  We had a delay in the steps that were caused by Area Wide Media not printing the ad for the quotes for the well.  We had to have the ad run for two weeks, and then get new bids on the well.  As far as we know we have completed everything we are required to do (including the &quot; No Hazard Materials&quot; signs on the road in the area).

Cindy Goblet read the information about the grant agreement, and noting that if we do not comply with all the requirements we could have to pay all the grant money back.   Roger explained to the new homeowners about Vic &amp; Gloria Miller granting the easement on their property so we would have a place to put the new well.  We all gave them a big &quot;Thank You&quot; for helping to make this well possible.  Roger talked about the security of the well and well house, and how important it is to each of us to maintain the safety of the well that provides safe water to the homes in this area.

Roger explained that we need more people involved with the daily operation of the well, and it&#39;s maintenance.  Eric Goblet has decided to get his operator&#39;s license.  Right now he is doing the work of the operator, under Rogers&#39; license, and soon we will have two licensed operators.  This will be a great help, and will relieve Roger to do other things.

We talked about an increase to the water access charge. And it was agreed that after we got the new well, and had safe drinking water that we would increase the basic water access charge to $20.00 each month.  After all the high charges we had under Kathy Timlin we wanted a break, and have learned that we need this extra amount the be able to meet all expenses when needed.

The question was brought up about any rules and regulations, do we need them.  The main one we need is for people to be considerate of their neighbors.  The water department can not make requirements on homeowners.  This was voted on and approved.  The words &quot;bylaws&quot; are not to be used.

Roger said we needed to vote on officers.  He asked if everyone thought he was doing a good job, and did they want him to stay as president.  Everyone said Yes.   Next he asked about the vice president.  He suggested that Eric Goblet be the vice president.  Everyone agreed with a yes.  He asked about board members and Paul Morgan, Violet Baldridge, and Daniel Cohen said they would be willing to be a board member.  This was voted on and everyone agreed.

After this discussion Roger made a motion that we adjourn the meeting.  Eric Goblet seconded the motion and everyone agreed.  The meeting was closed at 11:15 a.m.

People in attendance at the meeting were:
* Marylee Waudby
* Gloria Miller
* Brenda Baldridg
* Bruce Baldridge
* Violet Baldridge
* Mark Kronik
* Paul Morgan
* Norman Cozort
* Roger Bamber
* David White
* Danny McAda
* Charitie Seelye
* Eric Goblet
* Cindy Goblet
* Daniel Cohan
* Debbie Bamber

Respectfully submitted by,



Marylee Waudby

Secretary/Treasurer
