---
title: ANNUAL MEETING October 7, 2017
date: October 7, 2017
author: Marylee Waudby
postNum: 3
---

HOSANNA HEIGHTS WATER DEPARTMENT MINUTES

The meeting was called to order at 10:00 a.m. by the president, Roger Bamber.  The vice president, Eric Goblet, read the minutes from the semi-annual meeting of April 22, 2017.  A motion to accept the minutes was made and seconds to accept the minutes.  It was voted to accept the minutes as read.  Marylee Waudby then gave the treasurer&#39;s report for the first three-quarter of 2017.   Handouts, where everyone could look at the expenses for the past three-quarters of the year, were available to be viewed, and ask questions about.  The current checking account balance as of today is $287.02, and the savings account balance is $907.79.  We have all the bills paid, except for office expenses to be paid to the secretary/treasurer.  Up until now she has paid them out of her own pocket, and we need to reimburse the expenses to her.

<!--truncate-->

There was good news given in the fact that Eric Goblet has finished the studies and passed his test.  Now we have two licensed operators.

Roger talked about the expenses and billings we have.  He explained how much work the operator does, and how much time that requires.  Right now we are paying him $250.00, and that really is not enough for the work he is required to do.  He suggested that we raise his pay to $300.00 a month.  Roger also brought up the point that the secretary/treasurer has been doing a lot of work for the past eighteen months with out any compensation.  We need to give her something to compensate for the work done.  He suggested that we pay her $100.00 per month, and a Christmas bonus of $500.00 to compensate for the past eighteen months.  On these proposals everyone agreed that it should be done.  At the last meeting we talked about after the well is operational we increase the water access fee to $20.00.  Roger suggested we do this now so we can meet all the expenses we have.  We have lost a few users, and funds coming are not always meeting them with out taking out of the savings account those funds that should be there for deposits of users.  It is not fair to under pay the operator, and the secretary/treasurer for their hard work.

Roger went over the process that we have gone trough on the new well.   The well has been drilled, and right now we are waiting for some testing samples that are required by the state, before it is hooked up to the system.  Our new well is 480&#39; deep, and the state required samples to be taken every 10&#39;.  We were told this is one of the best wells in Arkansas, so we have a GOOD WELL.  After the well was drilled the state put a hold on it for some inorganic testing to be done (lead, mercury, etc).  Having the testing done by the state would take about 6 to 8 months.  A company in Rola, Missouri was located that could do the tests.  The cost will be paid out of the grant funds, and with this company it would only be a few weeks.

It will not be vary long before the new well will be hooked up to the system.  We are just waiting for all the testing to be completed.  When the time comes Roger has a 350 gal tank beside the well house for people to use for flushing the toilets (it is NOT drinking water).  The day that they hook the well to the system the water will be off for about 6 to 8 hours.

It is time again for the annual fees to be billed.  They will remain the same as last year ($25.00).  We are increasing the water access fee to $20.00, and always be vigilant about any water line breaks.  Water leaks add to the expenses, in that more electric is being used to pump water, and depending how bad the leak it is harder on the pump.  Please be aware that when property is sold the seller should be sure there are no outstanding balances owed.

Roger asked if every one was happy with the existing officers and board members, or if someone wanted to vote on any changes.  Every one agreed to leave the officers and boards the same as they were changed at the semi-annual meeting is April of this year.

After this discussion Roger made a motion that we adjourn the meeting.  Eric Goblet seconded the motion and everyone agreed.  The meeting was closed at 10:30 a.m.

People in attendance at the meeting were:
* Marylee Waudby
* Debbie Bamber  
* Paul Morgan
* Violet Baldridge  
* Mark Kronik           
* Roger Bamber  
* Daniel Cohan
* Eric Goblet   
* Cindy Goblet

Respectfully submitted by,

Marylee Waudby

Secretary/Treasurer
